.TH "GOLDYDOC" "1" "2022-09-14" "1.0 Beta" "goldydoc"
.SH NAME
.PP
goldydoc - Univeristy of Minnesota Libraries IT Documentation system
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\f[B]goldydoc\f[R] is a web based documentation system created with the
use of hugo(1) and published using the University\[cq]s github.umn.edu
system.
.PP
The following sections are available:
.RS
.TP
\f[B]About Goldydoc\f[R]
Content Hierarchy; Editing Help; Information about the site
framework/theme and its features; Why Hugo and not MkDocs or Jekyll
.TP
\f[B]Current Projects\f[R]
a directory of ongoing projects with links to repositories, project
goals, status, and other relevant information
.TP
\f[B]Platforms\f[R]
Platforms in this sense could refer to both centrally provided/managed
systems (e.g., Shibboleth, OIT Hosted Drupal), locally managed systems
(e.g., UDC, Geoportal, UMedia), and outsourced/externally managed
systems (e.g., Alma).
.TP
\f[B]Policies\f[R]
Information about departmental policies and guidelines, e.g., design
system, git style etc.
The site has the 2014 Log Retention policy as an example.
.TP
\f[B]Services\f[R]
Services and tools we provide to the Libraries as a whole.
For example, Shibboleth integration, SSL certificate managment, etc.
.RE
.SH CLONING
.PP
You must recursively clone the repository as the deployment repository
is a git submodule.
.PP
to wit:
.RS
.PP
git clone \[en]\[en]recursive github.umn.edu/libraries/goldydoc-hugo
.RE
.PP
You \f[I]must\f[R] clone the primary repository recursively or you will
regret it.
.SH SITE DEPLOYMENT
.PP
To deploy goldydoc, ensure that hugo is within your PATH and that you
have appropriate access to the
\f[I]github.umn.edu/libraries/goldydoc-hugo\f[R] and
\f[I]github.umn.edu/libraries/goldydoc\f[R] repositories.
.PP
from the root folder run:
.RS
.PP
\&./hugo-build.sh
.RE
.PP
and provide a record of your changes.
.SH DEBUGGING
.PP
Hugo provides a testing server and extensive logging for testing before
a site is deployed.
Users are \f[I]strongly\f[R] encouraged to test extensively before
committing and deploying changes.
.RS
.PP
hugo server -vD
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
hugo(1), git(1), git-submodule(1)
.SH AUTHORS
.PP
ander kierig (akierig\[at]umn.edu), University Libraries Application
Development
